Author of the danger trail, Philip Steels, etc.
Not at this particular case, Tom, apologized Whittemore.
For the twentieth time that evening the two men shook hands.
Lord, but I'm glad to see you again, Phil.
Will we ever forget it.
God bless 'em, I hope I'll go on seeing them forever.
And you always want to see it in the superlative degree.
Gad, your letter came just in time.
He turned sharply, and faced Gregson across the table.
I'm playing a single hand in what looks like a losing game.
If I ever needed a fighter in my life I need one now.
Gregson shoved back his chair and rose to his feet.
He was a head shorter than his companion, of almost delicate physique.
Now you're coming down to business, Phil, he exclaimed.
It's the aurora borealis.
There's Fort Churchill, a rifle-shot beyond the ridge, asleep.
From that moment his friendship for Belize turns to hatred and jealousy.
There was a change now.
I followed the line of the proposed railroad, looking for chances.
Clubs and balls and cities grew to be only memories.
hey ILA, how are you today?
ILA? what does that stand for?
so you are ILA the intelligent, customizable, learning voice assistant?
can you hear me ILA?
listen how I can count, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine and ten
I know even more numbers, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, twenty, thirty and forty
ok ILA, how is the weather in Berlin?
show me the weather in Frankfurt please
ok ILA, search that on the web please
yes, you can search that online if you want
please play some music for me you can use Spotify if you want
I'd like to hear some Metallica, Jimi Hendrix or maybe the White Stripes
can you get directions from Berlin to London please
hi ILA please find a bus connection for me
I'm looking for a train connection from my place to work
can you tell me what's on the news today
what is new in physics, biology, informatics, technology, sports and in the world?
hey ILA, please set a timer for thirty minutes so I don't miss my appointment
can you start an alarm in one hour, ten minutes and fifteen seconds please
update my location please so I can find the local weather
search the web for recent soccer results
hey ILA, what's going on in the german bundesliga
load my personal news headlines, you can use an RSS feed for that
open my web browser namely the Internet Explorer or Firefox or maybe Google Chrome or Apple's Safari?
start a program, let us say Microsoft Word or Powerpoint but not Excel
open my PDF reader so I can check out fancy science and nature papers
facebook, amazon and google are overrated, wikipedia is really great though
good day, what do you know about me, my name, my work and my home?
do you know where I work and live?
I say goodbye and you say hello, hello, hello.
Hey ILA this is a test of the most important commands. ILA, what's the time, set an alarm for fifteen minutes please and then get directions to work. How is the weather today, play some music, read my personal news and open the first headline. Thank you and good-bye.